I am welcome to the gate Legion of Doom
this is a fancy / historical moving
review and I'll be having a look at the
movie escape or at least that's the
English translations there's Norwegian
film that's right this is a foreign
language film so if you're not too
interested in reading subtitles and you
may want to give this one a Miss so as I
mentioned I call this a historical /
fantasy movie review it doesn't take
place in a fancy landscape as such it
really takes place in sort of I guess
the Dark Ages Mittman either way is in
Norway but it's not a historically
factual story so therefore oh classes a
fancy oracle anyway so this takes place
around the time of the Black Death and
half of Norwegian population as a party
then wiped out by this break and we our
story starts with a family of four
trying to escape the play you can kind
of get off to a a new start somewhere
else when they're attacked by bandits
and they're all killed apart from the
young daughter who's kidnapped by this
group of kind of pirate types in their
leader this female or a called Dagmar's
they just take him back to their camp
and they want her to be this surrogate
sisters this of small girl they have in
the camp as well which we initially
assume is that their daughter but of
course she escapes along with this other
little girl and turns out that well we
don't really know where she's come from
with she's she's an orphan of some
description we don't know if the the
pirate have killed them or not it's just
a story of them trying to escape this
small band of of pirates after them and
their escape into the sort of into
freedom really so the story is fairly
simple
now first suppose the good points it
looks fantastic this film I love the way
it's shot it's some really good camera
work a great direction a very artistic
looking beautiful to look at beautiful
scenery another thing about that
the acting difficult to tell them with a
foreign language films obviously I don't
know how they kind of pronouncing the
sort of acting and stuff up that so
cynical
so really tell it's an interview to me
looking at foreign actors they seem like
they're they're all pretty decent actors
of is you've got you've got to so child
actors here and to me though they
properly sold it so especially the young
when I thought she was very very kids
the the bandits themselves there I think
is about five guys and leader who this
female called Dagmar and I had a look at
the yaks you play there when did some
reach out to the film before that review
and she's very different in real life in
this film I can tell you anyway they
like they're kind of chasing these kids
down from pretty much two-thirds of this
film and I guess the main criticism I
I'll have with this film is the bad guys
to me all the I'll call the bad guys
these pirates just seem to be really
dumb I thought and religion I didn't
really understand their motivations or
Oh kind of what it is they were only
doing him and they were just following
this woman this Dagmar it was clearly
nuts she was just kind of sacrificing
her main ultimately to try and find this
these kind of girls it really well
didn't really mean anything to the left
of them because they weren't related or
anything like that I'm not that why
would people follow why would people
follow her I thought maybe she was going
to be some kind of loyalty at beginning
and that's why they're following we're
following her but no it's not the case
and I just don't understand why why
people and I'm not being this is going
to sound a bit sexist but in these time
today it was I can't imagine it was too
many female leaders in this thought of
type of scenario unless there were some
kind of loyalty or some kind of
naturally born in for that sort of realm
that isn't the case here now I'm not
going to sit here and tell so that's
that's going to be happy no honey wasn't
historically correct but I'm sure there
are examples of it but for the most part
it's gonna be men who are who are gonna
be the ones in charge here but this is
say for example that this female is that
even charged and that's um it's really
correcting everything she was just she
was clearly deranged so I don't know why
anyone would follow her and then on top
of that we have these we have these kind
of like these bandits just try to run
off on their own and do stuff without
alerting their that kind of comrades and
kind of getting picked off she's not oh
my god
these people that is acting so dumb and
they're kind of getting outs my buy this
kind of little girl who has I've had no
combat experience so it was kind of a
little bit stupid I thought in that
respect I like to feel my enjoy the film
but where it kind of had this sort of
sort of realistic edge and kind of
gritty feels to it the bad guys although
this group of bandits just seemed way
too damn it that they just I just didn't
really understand where they were coming
from we get a bit of backstory for
Dagmar the main villain I suppose but
there asked them just thing like -
idiots I have to say but you know it was
an entertaining film nonetheless now I
mention obviously it's a foreign
language and there isn't a hell of a lot
of dialogue in it to be honest so you
know if not all - harder to keep up if
you're not really a fan of the subtypes
also type films you know so it isn't too
bad sort of keep up and you kind of
obviously it's fairly obvious what's
going on in enjoyable film but that kind
of one that one sort of thing really
really bugs me I have to be honest with
you so I want to give this film I six
point five out of ten
it's a digital I film well made but
maybe a just a little little bit of an
issue with that so six point five for me
anything it what do you think they make
I look 40 next time bye for now
you